---
title: 'Who are you in this very moment?'
description: 'W3 2026 - what does that even mean?'
pubDate: 'Jan 25 2026'
tags: ['prompts', 'meditations', 'thoughts', 'identity']
---

Most people would start by saying their names, maybe their job, their civil status, family status, pets, and so on. I'm not sure if that's *really* who you are. Makes me wonder what is it really. Which I guess that it also makes me an overthinker 😅.

Luckily, the prompt of today also reads "describe all of you, the dreams, de doubts, the quirkiness". So let's start there. I'm professionally ambitious, but not just in the "let's climb the ladder" kinda guy. Intentionally or not, I've already climbed the ladder some, and the view from up here is not as rewarding as I'd think. The professional ambition is to step into leadership yes, but more than that it's about the constant search for fulfillment and joy in my professional life: "joy" meaning something I like doing, and "fulfillment" something that I'd be proud of doing. Lately it's been fluctuating some, and I've been reflecting on what the next steps professionaly should be. They they wouldn't be taken in the near future, because of the second dream I have: start a family.

We would like to have kids. We are trying. This feels right in my life right now. Not that I'm ready, don't think I'll ever be, but I'm ready for this new adventure. For the challenges. For the joy. I know this will be the biggest change of my life, and I'm excited for it. The process hasn't been very kind to us. But I guess that the biggest the hardship, the sweeter the reward. In the meantime, it also prompted me to work on myself, and by doing that how can I better support my partner and my future family. These writings are part of it. To find more balance in my life.

I believe balance, having a wide range of things is what will prepare me for a fulfilling life. I think I've mentioned it before. But the road towards balance is never ending. I think compared to years ago I'm more balanced. But that's not to say that I don't have ways to go. I've always been more of a "all or nothing" kinda person. I'm disciplined. But I find harder to measure myself than to pour it all in. Lean in the tunnel vision and not stop until I do what I set myself to. It has definitely benefited me throughout the years - professionally for one. But I'm convinced that what brought me here is not what will take me where I want to go. In this very morning I was debating between rest and going to the gym because my lower back is stiff. It's hard because I'm not one to skip exercise but I've been trying to listen to my body more and give it rest when it needs. To filter what my body is asking and what my mind is tricking me into. Or whether it's work. Or the vices of life (TV, social media, etc.). Today I see that I can get very "addicted" and sucked in. But rather than cutting it off completely I'd like to be in a place where I can enjoy the niceties of life without feeling like they are taking over control.

And maybe one small quirk: I'm thinking of taking up a new hobby. Something that I'm excited about, but also touches on my insecurities. Something that I think would make me a better person, get over myself in many ways. Something that I'm still too insecure to write about 😅. But maybe one day. And who knows who will I be by then?
